Tree Widget: Export building blocks for building custom trees (#975)
iTwin/viewer-components-react: packages/itwin/tree-widget/README.md

}
```

### Custom trees

The package delivers a set of building blocks for creating trees that look and feel similar to the tree components provided by this package.

#### Custom basic tree

A "basic" tree is a tree that renders the hierarchy without visibility control - see [iModel content tree](#imodel-content-tree) for an example. Core components:
- `Tree` - component that manages tree state, selection and filtering.
- `TreeRenderer` - default renderer for tree data.

> Example:
> ```tsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

```tsx
```

import { ComponentPropsWithoutRef } from "react";
import { IModelConnection } from "@itwin/core-frontend";
import { SchemaContext } from "@itwin/ecschema-metadata";
import { SelectionStorage } from "@itwin/unified-selection";
import { Tree, TreeRenderer } from "@itwin/tree-widget-react";

function getUnifiedSelectionStorage(): SelectionStorage {
  // see "Creating unified selection storage" section for example implementation
}

function getSchemaContext(imodel: IModelConnection): SchemaContext {
  // see "Creating schema context" section for example implementation
}

type TreeProps = ComponentPropsWithoutRef<typeof Tree>;
const getHierarchyDefinition: TreeProps["getHierarchyDefinition"] = ({ imodelAccess }) => {

>   // create hierarchy definition to defined what should be shown in the tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // create a hierarchy definition that defines what should be shown in the tree
```

- `VisibilityTree` - same as `Tree` component but additionally manages visibility of instances represented by tree nodes.
- `VisibilityTreeRenderer` - same as `TreeRenderer` but additionally renders checkboxes for visibility control.

Example:

```tsx
import { ComponentPropsWithoutRef } from "react";
import { BeEvent } from "@itwin/core-bentley";
import { IModelConnection } from "@itwin/core-frontend";
import { SchemaContext } from "@itwin/ecschema-metadata";
import { SelectionStorage } from "@itwin/unified-selection";
import { VisibilityTree, VisibilityTreeRenderer } from "@itwin/tree-widget-react";

function getUnifiedSelectionStorage(): SelectionStorage {
  // see "Creating unified selection storage" section for example implementation
}

function getSchemaContext(imodel: IModelConnection): SchemaContext {
  // see "Creating schema context" section for example implementation
}

type VisibilityTreeProps = ComponentPropsWithoutRef<typeof VisibilityTree>;
const getHierarchyDefinition: VisibilityTreeProps["getHierarchyDefinition"] = ({ imodelAccess }) => {

>   // create hierarchy definition to defined what should be shown in the tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // create a hierarchy definition that defines what should be shown in the tree
```

  // see https://github.com/iTwin/presentation/blob/master/packages/hierarchies/README.md#hierarchy-definition
}

const visibilityHandlerFactory: VisibilityTreeProps["visibilityHandlerFactory"] = ({ imodelAccess }) => {
  return {
    // event that can be used to notify tree when visibility of instances represented by tree nodes changes from outside.
    onVisibilityChange: new BeEvent(),
    async getVisibilityStatus(node: HierarchyNode): Promise<VisibilityStatus> {
      // determine visibility status of the instance represented by tree node.
    },
    async changeVisibility(node: HierarchyNode, on: boolean): Promise<void> {
      // change visibility of the instance represented by tree node.
    },
    dispose() {

>       // do some clean up if necessary when before new visibility handler in created or components is unmounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // if necessary, do some clean up before new visibility handler is created or component is unmounted.
```

  );
}
```

For custom tree components `TelemetryContextProvider` should be used:

```tsx
import { TelemetryContextProvider } from "@itwin/tree-widget-react";

function MyWidget() {
  return <TelemetryContextProvider
    componentIdentifier="MyTree"
    onPerformanceMeasured={(feature, elapsedTime) => {
      console.log(`TreeWidget [${feature}] took ${elapsedTime} ms`)
    }}
    onFeatureUsed={(feature) => {
      console.log(`TreeWidget [${feature}] used`)
    }}
  >
    <MyTree />
  </TelemetryContextProvider>;
}

function MyTree() {
  // see "Custom trees" section for example implementation
}
```

> ## Custom trees

Reviewer: I'd move this section as `###` under `## Components`, between sections `iModel content tree` and `Hierarchy level size limiting`.

Some components are available for building custom trees that look and feel similar to the trees provided by this package:
- `Tree` - base tree component that manages tree state, selection and filtering.
- `TreeRenderer` - default renderer for tree data.
- `VisibilityTree` - same as `Tree` component but additionally it can manage visibility of instances represented by tree nodes.

> - `VisibilityTreeRenderer` - same as `TreeRenderer` but additionally it renders checkboxes for visibility control.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to have two separate sections for these two types of components. For example:

```md
### Custom trees

The package delivers a set of building blocks for creating trees that look and feel similar to the tree components provided by this package. 

#### Custom basic tree

A "basic" tree is a tree that renders the hierarchy without visibility control - see [iModel content tree](#imodel-content-tree) for an example. Core components:
- `Tree` - component that manages tree state, selection and filtering.
- `TreeRenderer` - default renderer for tree data.

Example:
...

#### Custom visibility tree

A visibility tree is a tree that renders the hierarchy and allows controlling visibility control through the use of "eye" checkboxes - see [Models](#models-tree) and [Categories](#categories-tree) trees. Core components:
- `VisibilityTree` - same as `Tree` component but additionally manages visibility of instances represented by tree nodes.
- `VisibilityTreeRenderer` - same as `TreeRenderer` but additionally renders checkboxes for visibility control.

Example:
...

```
